Clarify the restriction on `dmcontrol` writes  while `abstractcs.busy` is high (#1040)
riscv/riscv-debug-spec: debug_module.adoc

Before starting an abstract command, a debugger must ensure that {dmcontrol-haltreq}, {dmcontrol-resumereq}, and {dmcontrol-ackhavereset} are all 0.

> While an abstract command is executing ({abstractcs-busy} in {dm-abstractcs} is high), a debugger must not change {hartsel}, and must not write 1 to {dmcontrol-haltreq}, {dmcontrol-resumereq}, {dmcontrol-ackhavereset}, {dmcontrol-setresethaltreq}, or {dmcontrol-clrresethaltreq},
> unless the DM is reset by the same write to {dm-dmcontrol} ({dmcontrol-dmactive} is lowered).

Reviewer: This sentence is getting really long.
```suggestion
While an abstract command is executing ({abstractcs-busy} in {dm-abstractcs} is high), a debugger must not change {hartsel}, and must not write 1 to {dmcontrol-haltreq}, {dmcontrol-resumereq}, {dmcontrol-ackhavereset}, {dmcontrol-setresethaltreq}, or {dmcontrol-clrresethaltreq}.
The exception to this rule is when 0 is written to {dmcontrol-dmactive}. In that case the DM is reset, and the other values written to {dm-dmcontrol} are ignored.
```

Author: Addressed.
